JawnMode Info

JawnMode is a few tweaks to QW to promote additional skills and remove
randomness that negates existing skills. You can toggle it in mods that
support it (JTeam and FBCAKT2 are 2 mods of mine that do) with the command
"jawnmode" in the console.

JTeam is a competition/internet oriented mod, based on KTeam 2.21 by
Cenobite and others (www.kteam.co.uk).

FBCAKT2 is a bot mod, based on Frogbot Clan Arena/KTeam by Parboil
(www.parboil.quakeworld.ru). Not particularly suited to the internet due to
several features that could be used to interrupt a game.

You can find these mods and relevant news updates at:

http://members.optushome.com.au/ta403

or

www.besmella-quake.com/columns/columns.asp?name=vb

Doublejump: Jump twice in 400ms to get 100ups boost.

Axe: DMM3 damage raised from 20 to 50.

GL: No longer fires horizontally random within a few degress of crosshair.

LG: DMM4 discharges now always only kill the user, instead of there being a
50% change you'll discharge normally. CA now acts like DMM4, no more losing
ammo only.

NG: Nail speed increased from 1000 to 1800. Nails no longer alternate between
coming out 5 units to the left and 5 units to the right of crosshair.

RL: Direct hit damage now 110, not random between 100 and 120.

SG: Pellets are no longer random, and make a plus shape:

  .
. . .
  .

The middle pellet is actually 2 pellets.

SNG: Nail speed increas from 1000 to 1800. Nails now do 15 splash damage with
a 50 unit radius. SNG self kill obituary added.

Teles: Speed raised from 300 to 440ups.

Spawns: Cannot spawn telefrag, 50% random chance of last spawn being
excluded. Minimum time to spawn after non-axe/gib death now always 900ms,
instead of there being a 2 in 5 chance you won't be able to spawn for 1100ms
or 1500ms.

Fallbunny: Can jump straight after fall.

KTeam Jump: Jumping off of downward slope acts like jumping of off flat
ground.

Fairpacks: Drop last weapon fired instead of weapon held.

Packs: Ammo limited to half of capacity. Packs are now dropped with players
issue /kill. Packs appear as the weapon they contain, if no weapon, then they
appear as the most important ammo they contain.

Dropped Items: Dropped item random horizontal velocity removed.

Lavaballs: Random horizontal velocity removed, vertical boost now 100ups
instead of random between 0 and 200.

Stomping: Landing on another player hard enough to hurt yourself damages them
twice as much.

Dynamic lights: Muzzleflashes removed, explosions replaced with LG blood
explosions, rockets and lavaballs replaced with grenades, pent and quad
MODELS (not players) no longer glow, no pent glow on spawn in DMM4.

Bodies: Dead bodies removed after death animation, so you can't use them to
tell when an enemy spawns.

Quad: Health won't change to 100 unless it was 100+ after running out in DMM4.

Server side Quasi-Smartjump: Swim sound isn't played so older client users aren't so
disadvantaged by clients with smartjump.

Demos

www.challenge-tv.com/index.php?mode=demos&game=2

Demos with grenades for rockets, no muzzleflashes, and weapons/ammo instead
of packs are JMode demos.

Credits

Povo-Hat: http://povo-hat.lemike.com

The CPMA team: www.promode.org

Parboil: www.parboil.quakeworld.ru

The KTeam team: www.kteam.co.uk

All the early testers, like Skawt, Elwood, Dirtbox.

Causticsoda, and Shad, for the first servers.